Develop/README.md, before:

# Vehicle Command Line Application
## Description 
In this project my task was to update an existing application that lets you build cars and perform actions on them with the command line. When I started the application would only let you build cars. I was able to update it to also include trucks and motorbikes. 
## Table of Contents
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Contribution](#contribution)
* [Github](#github)
* [Email](#email)

* [License](#license)

## Installation
This project uses typescript and inquirer. To install this project open it inside the CLI and run npm i to install it's dependencies. This is crucial to the application running properly.
## Usage
To initialize this applicatin use the command <npm run start>. After running the command you should be prompted with a series of questions.
## Contribution
To contribute to this project you can go to the Github repository and clone the repository. After making changes they can be reviewed and merged on Github
## License
This project is licensed under the MIT license.
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)
## GitHub
Riley6639
## Email
Mechamriley@gmail.com

Commit message:

added video link to readme.md

Develop/README.md, after:

# Vehicle Command Line Application
## Description 
In this project my task was to update an existing application that lets you build cars and perform actions on them with the command line. When I started the application would only let you build cars. I was able to update it to also include trucks and motorbikes. 
## Table of Contents
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Contribution](#contribution)
* [Github](#github)
* [Email](#email)

* [License](#license)

## Installation
This project uses typescript and inquirer. To install this project open it inside the CLI and run npm i to install it's dependencies. This is crucial to the application running properly.
## Usage
To initialize this applicatin use the command <npm run start>. After running the command you should be prompted with a series of questions.
Here is the link to the video demo: https://app.screencastify.com/v3/watch/DT5FQHdxpw1IXHawyAvY
## Contribution
To contribute to this project you can go to the Github repository and clone the repository. After making changes they can be reviewed and merged on Github
## License
This project is licensed under the MIT license.
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)
## GitHub
Riley6639
## Email
Mechamriley@gmail.com
